you
hey I'm Jessica Bagley with the National
Cutting Horse Association and we are
here at the 2012 great American
Insurance ncha summer spectacular I am
joined by mr. James Payne who won our
classic challenge open aboard Serena
dual marking a 223 James how are you
feeling after your first in ch a major
aged a bit when I really good is just
the blessing to I don't I don't really
know what I did with it it just worked
it's just nice to have good horse and a
good owner and it just I don't know kind
of believes in you I was going in like
we had several cows but I just wanted to
keep it kind of open what I cut and I
saw we had talked about this eyebrow
there's few of the cows that I like
better than this cow but it was easy to
get to and that was a big deal i just
wanted to get cut clean and and then
just kind of do a lot of work in time
and so I knew that I knew this eyebrow
and I figured it would be good like said
it wasn't one of my favorites but it was
a good way to get started and like I was
just real happy with the way of the
mares it was just you know being up into
a cow and and and bright and she was a
lot you know just real bright today and
everything and something right here I'm
just real happy with just everything she
was just being real smart real accurate
and stuff like that and then this other
cow that we we had talked about her I
figured she was everything we cut today
I was just trying to cut a little more
cow than what it typically do I'm just
trying to just adjust step my game up a
little bit we talked about this cow I
figured this great guy was going to have
a lot of a lot of move and I figured we
needed to get her cut clean and that
brown cow tangled me up a little bit but
you know she still get enough cow that
is able to break her down
and you know build on the run and then
then my favorite cow was the third cow
that black eye brow Mont
and when we when we were watching cows
this diagram odd I really lied josh Josh
Townsend mentioned her first and then I
watched three more Washington more like
I just knew he had to get her clean and
she just kind of presented herself and I
was kind of like when she was there just
like she's there to cut and is ready to
go and so and this is this kind of the
best cow and I thought I mean this is
kind of what I think kind of built the
run and still sealed it you know the
marking big score a bit and it was just
real happy with the mare she just real
smart and bright
Oh
can you tell me about your horse she's a
six-year-old Dolvett mare that then
Kathleen bought in the two year old cell
when she's too and we've had her all
along Kathleen I believe one the four
year old amateur on her at the Derby I
believe and she just been a real smart
honest just real nice mare to show and
be around and keep ready it's seven so
that my whole goal whenever this first
five six finals that a maiden whole goal
was just to get her to a hundred and she
was I think at 83,000 so this puts her
over 100 so it's all everything's good
is there anybody you'd like to thank
tonight I like to thank John Johnson he
helps these help me for 67 years and
Nadine pain my wife and Kathleen Moore
well congratulations thank you